Clicks Talent logo
Virtual Assistant

Clicks Talent · Contract

Oct 2025 - Jul 2026 · 10 mos

Netherlands · Remote

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

●  Conducting online research to gather information relevant to Clicks Talent’s business activities.
●  Identifying and collecting contact details of influencers, partners, and other stakeholders as requested by Clicks Talent managers.
●  Preparing, updating, and maintaining spreadsheets, databases, and other documents in Excel, Word, and Google Workspace.
●   Assisting in drafting and formatting documents, presentations, and reports.
●   Entering and organizing data to ensure information is accurate and accessible.
●   Coordinating calendars, scheduling meetings, and performing other organizational tasks as needed.
●   Supporting managers with day-to-day administrative tasks and ensuring deadlines are met.
●   Carrying out additional tasks reasonably requested by Clicks Talent management.
●   Helping with communication of influencers

CrewBloom logo
CrewBloom

6 mos

Client Success Intern

Internship

May 2024 - Oct 2024 · 6 mos

New York, New York, United States · Remote

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

Inbox Clean-up and Management:

Assist in organizing and managing the success team's email inbox.
Sort and prioritize emails to ensure efficient communication and timely responses.
Collaborate with team members to resolve customer inquiries and escalate issues as needed.
Success Drive Management:

Support the organization of files and folders in the Success drive, ensuring all documents are correctly labeled and categorized.
Assist in maintaining the status of projects by moving folders to appropriate statuses such as Active, Paid, or Inactive.
Work closely with team members to ensure easy accessibility and navigation of files in the drive.
Company Profile Management:

Aid in updating and aligning company profiles in CrewHub and HubSpot with accurate and consistent information.
Assist in verifying and updating company details to ensure data integrity and alignment with current company developments.
Contact Profile Management:

Assist in managing contact profiles in HubSpot by removing contractors from the contacts associated with companies.
Support the maintenance of an up-to-date database by verifying and updating contact information as necessary.

Skills: Client Services, Skilled Multi-tasker

Client Specialist

May 2024 - Oct 2024 · 6 mos

Assisted in managing the success team's email inbox, organizing and prioritizing communications for optimal efficiency. Collaborated with team members to effectively resolve 58 customer inquiries and escalated necessary issues.

Euro Exim Bank logo
Trade Finance Executive

Euro Exim Bank · Part-time

Nov 2023 - Oct 2024 · 1 yr

Rodney Bay, Gros-Islet · On-site

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

Your main task is to attract new clients (sales) involved in international trade such as exporters and importers by offering them our trade finance services such as LC (Letter of Credit, SBLC (Stand-by Letter of Credit), BG (Bank Guarantee) necessary for them to trade successfully in the global market.
Identify opportunities (lead generation) and generate sales from your country of residence.
Build and maintain strong customer relationships and assist with all relevant client checks.
Review Trade Finance client information in respect of Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Know Your Customer (KYC), and Counter-Terrorism Finance (CTF) requirements.

 Skilled Multi-tasker

EON Reality logo
Spatial AI Entrepreneur Internship 

EON Reality · Part-time

Jul 2024 - Aug 2024 · 2 mos

Irvine, California, United States · Remote

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

Program Overview



EON Reality, a global leader in virtual and augmented reality for academic and industry training solutions, announces the launch of its new groundbreaking Spatial AI Entrepreneur Internship Program 2024. Aimed at nurturing the next generation of AI innovators and entrepreneurs, the program is set to commence on July 22, 2024 with applications now open for aspiring candidates.


The EON Reality Internship Program is a 3-month program that provides interns with the opportunity to gain hands-on experience in the field of AI and XR, while also becoming ambassadors for EON Reality's solutions. Interns will work on real-world projects, collaborate with experienced professionals, learn about Entrepreneurship in the industry, and learn how to use EON Reality's products and services. This is a part-time unpaid internship. This is commission, rewards, and incentives based.


Program Benefits



· Gain hands-on experience in the field of AI and XR
· Collaborate with experienced professionals
· Engage with global customers
· Learn about Entrepreneurship opportunities in the field
· Learn how to use EON Reality's products and services
· Receive a commission for every introduction day that leads to a sale
· Opportunity to convert internship to full-time employment


Program Requirements



· Be enrolled in a college or university or just graduated
· Have a strong interest in AI and XR
· Be eager to pioneer AI solutions in various sectors
· Be able to work independently and as part of a team
· Be able to communicate effectively
· Be able to learn new technologies quickly


Your Role:



· Identifying and engaging academic users who can benefit from our technology.
· Crafting customized emails and presentations with the aid of GPT AI.
· Participating in marketing activities, including social media.
· Researching and understanding customer needs.
· Involved in sales, business development, marketing, and customer success optimization.

Prophema Applied Research logo
Management Intern

Prophema Applied Research · Internship

Apr 2024 - Aug 2024 · 5 mos

New Haven, Connecticut, United States · Remote

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

Assist in the coordination and organization of projects, meetings, and events
Provide administrative support to the management team, including preparing documents, reports, and presentations
Conduct research and data analysis to support business decisions
Assist in the development of policies, procedures, and processes
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and implement process improvements
Participate in special projects and initiatives as assigned by the management team
Maintain accurate and up-to-date records and databases
Provide exceptional customer service and support to internal and external stakeholders
Develop and maintain strong relationships with colleagues, supervisors, and external partners
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and best practices, and apply this knowledge to improve operations and processes

 High Level Of Accuracy and Skilled Multi-tasker

HypeHive logo
Virtual Assistant

HypeHive · Part-time

Jun 2023 - Jul 2024 · 1 yr 2 mos

Pasay City · Remote

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

Hey Renz Tristan Fernandez ,



Congrats and a big welcome to the team! We're excited to have you on board with HypeHive!

We've already spread the word about your arrival on our website and social media platforms, so be sure to check it out, like, and share the post - the more you hype us, the more we hype you!

Thumbnail for Proof that i am hired to HYPE HIVE
Proof that i am hired to HYPE HIVE

Renz Tristan Fernandez You're in! HypeHive thinks you're the bee's knees!

 Freelance and Skilled Multi-tasker

Scrubbed.net Global Services logo
Accounting Intern

Scrubbed.net Global Services · Internship

Dec 2023 - May 2024 · 6 mos

San Fernando, Pampanga · Remote

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

The Accounting Intern will assist with day-to-day accounting tasks such as accounts payable and finance-related tasks

 Forecasting, Analytical Skills and +9 skills

Accounting Intern

Scrubbed Global Services

Dec 2023 - May 2024 · 6 mos

Coordinated with 15 teams within assigned squads to ensure efficient operations. Scheduled and conducted weekly squad meetings to discuss progress and strategic directions. Verified data accuracy and assisted with day-to-day accounting tasks, including accounts payable and other finance-related responsibilities.

August 99 logo
August 99

7 mos

Growth Marketing Intern

Internship

Nov 2023 - May 2024 · 7 mos

One Corporate Center, Meralco Ave. cor. Julia Vargas Ave. Ortigas, Pasig, Philippines · Remote

Conduct research to identify potential leads and gather contact details
Reach out to potential leads and send a series of messages via Email, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, Online Forums or other appropriate channels
Manage an assigned social media profile/account by posting regular content and engaging with audience via comments or DMs
Qualify leads by assessing their interest, needs, and budget
Set up appointments and follow-up with qualified leads
Maintain an accurate and up-to-date database of leads and prospects from different platforms
Collaborate with the marketing team to create targeted lead generation campaigns
Monitor and analyze lead generation metrics to identify areas for improvement
Provide regular reports on lead generation activities and results to management
Data cleanup and updating
Competitor research
Other ad hoc marketing and administrative tasks
Worked on Real Estate Companies from Local to International

Skills: Commercial Real Estate, Real Estate Listings, +4 skills

Growth Specialist

Nov 2023 - May 2024 · 7 mos

Conducted research to identify potential leads and gathered contact details. Reached out to potential leads through a series of messages via Email, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, Online Forums, or other appropriate channels. Managed an assigned social media profile/account by posting regular content and engaging with the audience through comments or DMs. Qualified leads by assessing their interest, needs, and budget. Coordinated appointments and followed up with qualified leads. Maintained an accurate and up-to-date database of leads and prospects across various platforms. Collaborated with the marketing team to create targeted lead generation campaigns. Monitored and analyzed lead generation metrics to pinpoint areas for enhancement. Provided regular reports on lead generation activities and results to management. Executed data cleanup and updates. Conducted competitor research. Performed other ad hoc marketing and administrative tasks. Worked with real estate companies from local to international levels.

The Language Doctors logo
Legal Deposition

The Language Doctors · Freelance

Dec 2023 - Jan 2024 · 2 mos

Landover, Maryland, United States

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

worked with a legal context
worked with attorneys and a judge present as interpreter
 interpreting from english to tagalog/ilonggo and tagalog/ilonggo to english

DIFX - Digital Financial Exchange logo
DIFX Ambassador 

DIFX - Digital Financial Exchange · Freelance

Aug 2023 - Nov 2023 · 4 mos

Zagreb, Croatia · Remote

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

We're thrilled to have you join our team. As a DIFX ambassador, you'll significantly promote our events, workshops, and campaigns, helping us spread the word about our mission and services. 🌟💫

Customer Service Representative

OTC JKE BRITISH TRADING AND INVESTMENT

Jul 2022 - Nov 2023 · 1 yr 5 mos

Managed client relationships. Built robust client relationships. Delivered personalized financial advice. Addressed client inquiries promptly. Promoted products effectively. Maintained up-to-date knowledge on cryptocurrency trends. Promoted various investment products. Ensured compliance with regulations. Managed financial risk diligently. Analyzed cryptocurrencies for investment insights. Provided tailored investment recommendations. Maintained thorough documentation. Generated detailed reports.

JoinMyTrip logo
ProTripLeader

JoinMyTrip · Freelance

Jul 2023 - Oct 2023 · 4 mos

Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany · Hybrid

LinkedIn helped me get this job helped me get this job

Planning and executing Trips around the globe, especially in locations where we have high demand
Securing suitable accommodations and organizing logistical aspects of the trip
Creating an amazing experience on the ground - for both yourself as well as your TripMates
Promoting your own trip together with us (we will be training you!)
Executing at least 1 trip within 3 months

 Progress Monitoring, Creative Strategy and +1 skill

GAOTek Inc. logo
GAOTek Inc.

4 mos

Team Leader

Internship

Jul 2023 - Sep 2023 · 3 mos

United States · Remote

Coordinate with the interns of your assigned squad 

Schedule and conduct weekly squad meetings to check the weekly progress and give feedback -Train new interns according to guidelines so they can start work without delay 

Verify the data and check whether the interns are working accordingly or not

Thumbnail for Squad Leadership/Team Lead
Squad Leadership/Team Lead

Skills: Progress Monitoring, Training, +6 skills

Business Development Team Lead

Jul 2023 - Sep 2023 · 3 mos

Coordinated with interns within the assigned squad. Scheduled and conducted weekly squad meetings to review progress and provide feedback, while training new interns according to guidelines for immediate productivity. Verified data accuracy and monitored intern activities to ensure proper engagement.

Business Development Intern

Full-time

Jun 2023 - Sep 2023 · 4 mos

United States · Remote

GAO RFID Inc.    https://gaorfid.com 

GAO Tek Inc.      https://gaotek.com 

Canadian Headquarters: 1885 Clements Rd, Suites 215-218, Pickering, Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, L1W 3V4  

US Headquarters: 244 Fifth Avenue, Suite A31, Manhattan, New York City, 10001 

GAO RFID Inc. founded 3 decades ago in Toronto, Canada, managed by a group of industrial experts with Ph.D. and Masters from top universities, & ranked as among top 10 global leaders in RFID.  

Our popular hardware products include: 

BLE: https://gaorfid.com/devices/ble-active/  

RFID Readers: https://gaorfid.com/rfid-readers/ 

RFID Tags: https://gaorfid.com/rfid-tags/ 

RFID Antennas: https://gaorfid.com/rfid-antennas/ 

Our popular systems include: 

Asset Tracking Systems: https://gaorfid.com/gao-rfid-asset-tracking-system/ 

People Tracking Systems: https://gaorfid.com/rfid-personal-tracking-system/ 

Access Control Systems: https://gaorfid.com/rfid-access-control-system/ 
Parking Systems: https://gaorfid.com/rfid-parking-control-system/ 
GAO Tek Inc. is ranked as one of the global top suppliers in a wide selection advanced technology products. Its popular categories include: 
Environmental Testers: https://gaotek.com/category/environmental/ 
Chemical & Life Science Testers:  https://gaotek.com/chemical-and-life-sciences/ 

Structure Testers: https://gaotek.com/category/structural-testers/ 
Popular products include: 
https://gaotek.com/product/industrial-carbon-dioxide-gas-detector-alarm-record-test-record/ 

https://gaotek.com/product/gaotek-gas-analyzer-with-h2-purity-detection-high-accuracy/ 
https://gaotek.com/product/gaotek-water-quality-meter-with-12-multiparameter-data-storage/ 
https://gaotek.com/product/ion-meter-for-fluoride-ion-high-performance/ 

https://gaotek.com/product/ph-meter-with-conductivity-and-tds-multimodes-power/ 
https://gaotek.com/product/gaotek-eddy-current-conductivity-meter/ 
https://gaotek.com/product/gaotek-vibration-meter-with-2-channel-high-quality-accelerometer/

Skills: Business Development, Skilled Multi-tasker

Anti-Money Laundering Analyst

Open NFT

Jul 2022 - Aug 2023 · 1 yr 2 mos

Social Media Manager

Most Viral

Aug 2019 - Jan 2023 · 3 yrs 6 mos

Oversaw social media strategy, managing content and engagement that resulted in an increase of 1.2M total engagements.